
## Mod Modifications:

- Remove Placebo 1.6.1
- Update Botania CEU 369b -> Botania CEu 372
- Update Crash Assistant 1.11.0 -> 1.11.9
- Update FermiumASM 5.28 -> 5.31
- Update Forgelin-Continuous 2.3.10.0 -> 2.3.20.0
- Update GroovyScript 1.3.4 -> 1.4.3
- Update Thaumcraft Fix 1.1.9 -> 1.1.11
- Update Twilight Forest - Deforestation Edition 3.14 -> 3.15.1
- Update Universal Tweaks 1.18.0 -> 1.20.0
- Update VintageFix 0.6.2 -> 0.7.0
- Update ZenUtils 1.26.15 -> 1.27.2

## Bugfixes:

- Remove Natura Heatscar Spiders, which were inadvertently reintroduced during an update.
- Fix crashes due to files in the `cache` folder not being invalidated (GroovyScript).
- Fix LightningCraft conversion recipes failing for some lightning generation.
- Fix mobs having trouble pathfinding across rail blocks (Universal Tweaks).
- Fix the EnderIO Impulse Hopper allowing insertion of items it cannot transfer due to incorrect NBT data (Universal Tweaks).
- Remove the EnderIO Conduit Probe from the Omniwand, as some interactions could remove the NBT data.
- When spawning mobs from the Quark Curse effect, check that the mob is actually eligible to spawn in the given location.
- Make the recipe for upgrading Actually Additions Crates keep their inventory.
- Fix the Omniwand being removed when a Chisel within it breaks.
- Fix the Omniwand being removed when a ProjectRed Screwdriver within it breaks.
- Reduce the max stack size of mob_grinding_utils upgrades to match the intended maximum of upgrades.
- Fix Industrial Foregoing Black Hole Tank being able to void buckets when interacted while the player's inventory was full (Universal Tweaks).
- Fix the DivineRPG Nightmare Bed not dropping when being broken (Universal Tweaks).
- Fix Thaumcraft Rifts collapsing before being able to enter a Rift Jar (Thaumcraft Fix).
- Fix Thaumcraft Aspect icons on tooltips rendering in the wrong spot in some situations (Thaumcraft Fix).
- Fix the Twilight Forest portal sometimes breaking when generated (Twilight Forest - Deforestation Edition).
- Fix AbyssalCraft Engraving plates being stackable, causing them to consume durability from every item in the stack.
- Remove a recipe that clears NBT from the Phantom Connector, as it served no purpose and could clear the Omniwand when inside.

## Balance Adjustments:

- Increase the maximum output of higher tier Inferium Essence Seeds for crop sticks.
- Increase the Grid Power generated by Lava Mills.
- Increase the maximum capacity of the Mekanism Osmium Compressor to allow for converting Osmium Blocks.
- Increase the generation rate of the Ulterior Outback Biome in the Erebus, decreasing the exploration required to find it.
- Significantly change what Bewitchment Altar Upgrades exist, giving the Altar further progression.

## QoL Improvements:

- Add a `witherproof` tag and add it to every non-unbreakable block that the wither cannot break.
- Disable durability for Chisels.
- Add a number of additional catalyst items to JEI categories.
- Reorder JEI categories.
- Add a JEI category displaying Bewitchment Altar Upgrades.
- Add a JEI category displaying Thaumcraft Matrix Stabilizers.
- Replace the JEI category for the Botania Terrestrial Agglomeration Plate with an improved one from Botania CEu (Botania CEu).
- Show the Runic Altar and Petal Apothecary catalysts in JEI (Botania CEu).
- Increase performance when rendering items that use HammerLib's item color logic (Universal Tweaks).
- Allow converting Dirt into Path blocks and Paths back into Dirt (Universal Tweaks).
- Prevent placing Livingrock as a block after right clicking the Runic Altar with it in some situation (Botania CEu).
- Prevent items dropped from the Runic Altar being able to enter other nearby Runic Alters (Botania CEu).
- Fix TurboStitcher crash on some hardware (VintageFix).
- Add a few more items to the Omniwand.

## Text and Quest Updates:

- Remove incorrect information about Fire and Lava Mills being doubled in the Nether.
- Add information about the Arcane Terraformer requiring Essentia Tubes and not working with AE2 Essentia Export Buses.
- Add additional information on how the Giant Eucalyptus Tree generates in the Ulterior Outback Biome.
- Fix a typo in the title of Quest id 816, "preset" -> "present".
- Make the Greater Tartaric Gem quest accept any Greater Tartaric Gem, not just any empty one.
- Make the Runic Crafter quest not require completing the Runed Obsidian quest.
- Make the Actually Additions Capacitor quest display the correct item as its icon.
- Rename references to the Bewitchment "Altar Power" to the more accurate "Magic Power" in the questbook.
- Improve the description of the Slimesling and Slime Boots in their quest.
- Make the Roots Terrastone quest have an actual description that describes the Terrastone tools, instead of copying the Living tools.

## GitHub Developments:

- Make the Discord badge use an image icon instead of the svg and color it.
- Make the Patreon badge use the Patreon icon.
- Add the ModDex.gg badge.
