
View all [changelogs](https://github.com/Divine-Journey-2/Divine-Journey-2/tree/main/changelog)

## Mod Modifications:

- Remove Placebo 1.6.1
- Update Botania CEU 369b -> Botania CEu 372
- Update FermiumASM 5.28 -> 5.31
- Update Crash Assistant 1.11.0 -> 1.11.8
- Update Forgelin-Continuous 2.3.10.0 -> 2.3.20.0
- Update GroovyScript 1.3.4 -> 1.4.3
- Update Universal Tweaks 1.18.0 -> 1.19.1
- Update ZenUtils 1.26.15 -> 1.26.19

## Bugfixes:

- Remove Natura Heatscar Spiders, which were inadvertently reintroduced during an update.
- Fix crashes due to files in the `cache` folder not being invalidated (GroovyScript).
- Fix LightningCraft conversion recipes failing for some lightning generation.
- Fix mobs having trouble pathfinding across rail blocks (Universal Tweaks).
- Fix the EnderIO Impulse Hopper allowing insertion of items it cannot transfer due to incorrect NBT data (Universal Tweaks).
- Remove the EnderIO Conduit Probe from the Omniwand, as some interactions could remove the NBT data.
- When spawning mobs from the Quark Curse effect, check that the mob is actually eligible to spawn in the given location.
- Make the recipe for upgrading Actually Additions Crates keep their inventory.
- Fix the Omniwand being removed when a Chisel within it breaks.
- Fix the Omniwand being removed when a ProjectRed Screwdriver within it breaks.
- Reduce the max stack size of mob_grinding_utils upgrades to match the intended maximum of upgrades.

## Balance Adjustments:

- Increase the maximum output of higher tier Inferium Essence Seeds for crop sticks.
- Increase the Grid Power generated by Lava Mills.
- Increase the maximum capacity of the Mekanism Osmium Compressor to allow for converting Osmium Blocks.
- Increase the generation rate of the Ulterior Outback Biome in the Erebus, decreasing the exploration required to find it.
- Significantly change what Bewitchment Altar Upgrades exist, giving the Altar further progression.

## QoL Improvements:

- Add a `witherproof` tag and add it to every non-unbreakable block that the wither cannot break.
- Disable durability for Chisels.
- Add a number of additional catalyst items to JEI categories.
- Reorder JEI categories.
- Add a JEI category displaying Bewitchment Altar Upgrades.
- Add a JEI category displaying Thaumcraft Matrix Stabilizers.
- Replace the JEI category for the Botania Terrestrial Agglomeration Plate with an improved one from Botania CEu (Botania CEu).
- Show the Runic Altar and Petal Apothecary catalysts in JEI (Botania CEu).

## Text and Quest Updates:

- Remove incorrect information about Fire and Lava Mills being doubled in the Nether.
- Add information about the Arcane Terraformer requiring Essentia Tubes and not working with AE2 Essentia Export Buses.
- Add additional information on how the Giant Eucalyptus Tree generates in the Ulterior Outback Biome.
- Fix a typo in the title of Quest id 816, "preset" -> "present".
- Make the Greater Tartaric Gem quest accept any Greater Tartaric Gem, not just any empty one.
- Make the Runic Crafter quest not require completing the Runed Obsidian quest.
- Make the Actually Additions Capacitor quest display the correct item as its icon.
- Rename references to the Bewitchment "Altar Power" to the more accurate "Magic Power" in the questbook.

## Texture Transformations:


## GitHub Developments:


## Miscellaneous Changes:
